docs(intro_backup.md): fix broken youtube embed (#9701)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: docs/docs/intro_backup.md

Alternatively, here is a video recap on different backup capabilities:

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/FfUqIwT8KzI?si=kTvxIFhPjv-8Iwri" title="Administer and backup your VM infrastructure the easiest way" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="stricn-when-crt-origioss-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/FfUqIwT8KzI?si=kTvxIFhPjv-8Iwri" title="Administer and backup your VM infrastructure the easiest way" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```

Reviewer 2: Nicely seen, can't figure how the copy paste from youtube to matrix has failed like that.
Thank you Pierre!

Author: Fixed, thanks!
